hey there YouTube this is my first
review video I'm going to do a series of
them on this one-fifth scale Rovin RC
Baja 5t Terminator it's a twenty six CC
gas two-stroke motor and gonna be going
over it and letting everybody know what
kind of value it is I got this from a
Roven RC off the eBay so we'll see how
it goes you know I can't read mixed
reviews on these things so hopefully we
can find out some good information on
this thing through a series of videos
and see really how well it's put
together and what needs to be change
just right out of the box looks really
good
pretty impressed I've never actually
really held one of these things before
sand it's really heavy I imagine you
know anywhere from like 27 to 30 pounds
in that range I mean see it's got some
really nice things on it already I
really like the black wheels and the
tires this thing comes with course
they're knock-offs we'll see how long
they last comes with an interesting
Orange the Lumina rear bumper we're
gonna find out how long that thing lasts
I foresee it not lasting very long and
myself changing it out with nylon one I
just for some reason don't see that
thing lasting right out of the box
everything looks good except for this
clamp on the exhaust it was really super
loose the exhaust was you know the pipe
was rattling around so there's my
daughter hadn't her two sides the clamps
really loose I'm trying to tighten it
down I did talk to roving RC on eBay and
he said that if I wanted to send the
parts back he'd send me a new tail piece
and clamp so he didn't do that but to
try to fix it up and see if I can't take
care of it as of right now today I'm
going to be changing out the
a shock support brace up here going to a
king motors one that encapsulates the
top of the shocks or and get that
changed out I'm also going to be
changing the shock mount tower up here
in the front going to an aluminum one
from King motors also going again with
the orange aluminum get everything kind
of matching also in here I'm going to be
taking all this apart changing out the
clutch the bail support and going to a
king motors a again orange aluminum and
it's the enclosed one that I don't want
any dust or sand or anything getting in
there also going to be going to the
turtle racing plate back here that you
know and holds the bearing and it just
looks like a better deal the way these
things even look good when they come
from HP I just think it's kind of hokey
depa so we're gonna get that fixed up
other than that then hopefully tomorrow
after I get all this work done on it so
I'll be able to take it out if I get
that exhaust problem solved and take it
for a run and get some more reviews to
you guys and let you know how it's going
I'm also going to be pulling every
single screw that goes metal to metal
and lock tiding it that's one thing
everybody on here and all the reviews
and all the different websites I've read
is take every screw out put Loctite on
them and make sure you know that's all
taken care of
it's also got some covers for the shocks
and the filter and for the pull start
over here I've got cover for that coming
so get all that sealed up and cleaned up
and hopefully it's gonna be a good
project I really couldn't afford an HP I
and it really came down to it everything
I read seemed like the HP eyes had a lot
of the same problems that the Romans and
there
does but hopefully hopefully this will
work out hopefully we get some good
information for everybody so far the guy
I brought it from again he's Rovin RC on
eBay
he's been real helpful if any question
I've had so we'll see what happens if
heating breaks how willing is take care
of anything
I kind of doubt he will but you know
we'll see hopefully nothing will happen
and we'll be set I'll show you the body
but I left it out in the garage and
bring that in so maybe on the next shot
I'll have the body here front bumpers
off of it right now too if you're
wondering where that is it's sitting out
in the garage and I also didn't bring in
the radio very you know I'm pretty
impressed with the radio comes with ten
model memory three channel radio fully
digital proportional I like it we'll see
how it works and how easy it is to
program and everything and like I said
hopefully tomorrow we'll get out and get
this thing run and see how everything
works but today I'm going to do some
workout get those parts I told you about
replace and if I get that all done you
have enough time I'll show you another
video today and upload that and of all
the pieces I've replaced and let you
take a look at that alright thanks for
now and I'll talk to you soon